11-presentation.md, before:

# Presentation

Working from thesis-related content with an informal, personal voice, choose from all formats below to create an end-of-year presentation that inspires.

## Options

- Pitch:
  - [AT&T Archives: Saul Bass Pitch Video for Bell System Logo Redesign ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKu2de0yCJI)
  - Related:
    - [I would like to be paid like a plumber: Pitching Nirvana](https://news.lettersofnote.com/p/nirvana)
- Article:
  - [creative process lessons from ‘get back’](https://bradfrost.com/blog/post/creative-process-lessons-from-get-back/)
- Website:
  - [lugnah by Min Jee (Brenda) Cho](https://www.brendaminjeecho.com/work/lugnah)
    - See [Pratt BFA Communications Design Thesis 2021](http://bfacomdthesis.pratt.edu)
    - See also [Storytelling](https://petrzilkovah.github.io/english-for-designers/06-storytelling/) by Hana Petržílková

## Related

### Home Page

Also, update your home page with [Thesis Digest](10-thesis-digest.md) and this [Presentation](11-presentation.md).

#### Reminder

- Consider revisiting your CV/résumé: [5 things you should take off your resume right now](https://www.fastcompany.com/90735286/5-things-you-should-take-off-your-resume-right-now)

### Attendance Makeup

For those missing three or more classes, please…

- [Earn a Badge or Certificate](https://thegymnasium.com/courses) by taking a free full or short course or two and share the credential link(s) via Slack.
  - For example: [Defeating Busy](https://thegymnasium.com/courses/GYM/001/0/about)

Commit message:

Update final assignment
- Add student presentation example
- Update pitch language

11-presentation.md, after:

# Presentation

Working from thesis-related content with an informal, personal voice, choose from all formats below to create an end-of-year presentation that inspires.

## Options

- Pitch:
  - Thesis presentation [video](https://github.com/hruba/english-for-designers/blob/main/09-summary-details/thesis-summary-details.md) (at the end) by Kateřina Hrubá (from 2021)
  - If you’re doing a redesign, designing a new product, etc. — pitch it:[AT&T Archives: Saul Bass Pitch Video for Bell System Logo Redesign](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKu2de0yCJI)
  - Related:
    - [I would like to be paid like a plumber: Pitching Nirvana](https://news.lettersofnote.com/p/nirvana)
- Article:
  - [creative process lessons from ‘get back’](https://bradfrost.com/blog/post/creative-process-lessons-from-get-back/)
- Website:
  - [lugnah by Min Jee (Brenda) Cho](https://www.brendaminjeecho.com/work/lugnah)
    - See [Pratt BFA Communications Design Thesis 2021](http://bfacomdthesis.pratt.edu)
    - See also [Storytelling](https://petrzilkovah.github.io/english-for-designers/06-storytelling/) by Hana Petržílková

## Related

### Home Page

Also, update your home page with [Thesis Digest](10-thesis-digest.md) and this [Presentation](11-presentation.md).

#### Reminder

- Consider revisiting your CV/résumé: [5 things you should take off your resume right now](https://www.fastcompany.com/90735286/5-things-you-should-take-off-your-resume-right-now)

### Attendance Makeup

For those missing three or more classes, please…

- [Earn a Badge or Certificate](https://thegymnasium.com/courses) by taking a free full or short course or two and share the credential link(s) via Slack.
  - For example: [Defeating Busy](https://thegymnasium.com/courses/GYM/001/0/about)
